[Docs] Add instructions for building custom docker images (#10442)
apache/pulsar: README.md

Check https://pulsar.apache.org for documentation and examples.

> ## Building custom docker images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build custom docker images
```

Docker images must be built with Java 8 for `branch-2.7` or previous branches because of
[issue 8445](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/issues/8445).
This issue has been resolved in the `master` branch (and will be part of `branch-2.8`). 
It is recommended to use Java 8 until Java 11 support has been finished 
([issue 9578](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/issues/9578)).

This builds the docker images `apachepulsar/pulsar-all:latest` and `apachepulsar/pulsar:latest`.

```bash
# make sure to build with Java 8 since building with newer versions isn't yet supported
java -version
mvn clean install -DskipTests
mvn package -Pdocker,-main -am -pl docker/pulsar-all -DskipTests
```

> After building the images can be tagged and pushed to some custom repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the images are built, they can be tagged and pushed to your custom repository. 
```
